Initial documentation v6 (#163)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/queries-aggregations/pagination.adoc

[[pagination]]
= Cursor-based pagination
:page-aliases: pagination.adoc

On relationship fields, you are able to take advantage of cursor-based pagination, which is often associated with infinitely-scrolling applications.

> Using the following type definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following type definition:
```

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type User @node {
  name: String!
  posts: [Post!]! @relationship(type: "HAS_POST", direction: OUT)
}

type Post @node {
  content: String!
}
----

> If you wanted to fetch the posts of user "John Smith" 10 at a time, you would first fetch 10:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to fetch the posts of user "John Smith" ten at a time, you would fetch the first ten:
```

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
  users(where: { node: { name: { equals: "John Smith" } } }) {
    name
    posts {
      connection(first: 10) {
        edges {
          node {
            content
          }
        }
        pageInfo {
          endCursor
          hasNextPage
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
----

> In the return value, if `hasNextPage` is `true`, you would pass `endCursor` into the next query of 10. You might do this using a variable as in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the return value, if `hasNextPage` is `true`,  pass `endCursor` to the next query of ten.
Use a variable as in the following example:
```

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
  users(where: { node: { name: { equals: "John Smith" } } }) {
    name
    posts {
      connection(first: 10, after: "opaqueCursor") {
        edges {
          node {
            content
          }
        }
        pageInfo {
          endCursor
          hasNextPage
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
----

> You would continue doing this until `hasNextPage` if `false` - this is when you have reached the end of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue doing this until `hasNextPage` is `false` - this is when you have reached the end of the data.
```
